Hello guys in theory you will work on the sheer Icahn's sheer Equant are a very important part of a
blog or a website because it lets people who share a great boost to their friends are their friends
and by shuriken we have a lot of other options like Facebook Twitter Instagram Redbeard they can share
any We're OK.
So that is very important part of our blog.
So we are so sure that how you can add those short social icons here on your blog.
Now you guys have no idea how the site how Herbert works how we can add widgets how we can remove any
widget and how we can ever get over footer if we have any questions just ask me ok what ever question
is that will get.
So lets add the sheet icons.
There is a great plugin and a lot of bloggers use that blogging and even some very popular search use
that blogging.
And we are going to use the same the name of that blogging is some more me in that blogging.
There are a lot of videos like shit I call email is Gartley actions.
A lot of a lot of it just really been there blogging.
OK so that is a good place and ever going to add that blogging.
No.
Those of you who are new to what Beth you guys know how to era blogging now because in the last week
they showed you how they can plug in our new
the name of their blogging is to mean
OK here it is.
It is a great way to it and store it.
It is installing a little bit.
Ok done now let's do it again.
Kafe.
All right.
Blogging is done now to do this plugin on here sunami it is installed here you can see it is so many
will get here soon.
We're going to go through this OK now to see the settings click here on this crawl icon chrome icon.
OK.
Now you can see we have E-Man and for we have to sign up for this.
And I have all I already have an account.
I'm going to log in but you need to sign up.
OK.
It is just one or two minutes process.
But I can assure you guys this is a great blogging.
Use that.
OK.
So I'm going to log in I mean when I enter my e-mail address and I'm going to enter my password.
All right.
After signing in just are a few These Just click on this.
Yes entlassen.
OK.
Now it's time to add social icons.
Now we have to go to stores.
Click on this OK here it is we have a lot of widgets here you can see we can add any of them with one
but we are looking for the sheer widget OK.
And it will be here by hundreds.
Sure.
That's actually going free.
Charities don't start now.
Sheer star just blows this this and refresh.
And you're going to see the I call.
Here it is.
These are the sheer icons and the great thing about it.
It will also show you that how many shares it have.
Ok for that police lover mean we have a website and someone shared it and then someone shared it on
Facebook and then we will have one share that we sure we have one shares.
OK.
So the same thing is for the boss.
Someone actually called the Post and he and he or she wants to share it with share to Facebook or Twitter
or wherever she wants and we need you to be going.
The sheer number of shares.
OK.
This is a great tool.
I always use this.
OK.
So this is how we add so shit icons to our blog.
So I hope you guys know got the idea you can have many other widgets here by going to so many more stores.
A lot of us here know for example if you want to customize it and you don't want it to be in here you
want it to be somebody else you can change the setting anytime you want.
You is not just this.
And we can just share
and it's going to open the share settings.
OK.
These are the plans but I always use free click on free.
This will also show the clicks on these buttons.
OK.
So there are some other settings Here's the settings.
These are the settings.
So this is right now here here.
If you want to appear here on this left side of the featured image you can do this.
These are the position tools whatever you want.
There are a lot of other options.
I want you to play around these options OK.
And make sure you save after that OK we are done.
So this is how the ad shared widget over the absurd to think you guys are watching this video.
I will see you in the next video if you have any question about this.
Any question about this year.
Just let me know OK.
And I always Befort this year like one I don't use the fuzz share I call that we see on the bottom of
the post.
You know guys we disable that but I always Befort this one because of what you see in the next video.